Cost controls docs (#7437)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/limit-session-recordings.md

![Flag](../images/tutorials/limit-session-recordings/flag.png)

### Using linked feature flags

> You can then set this flag to enable recordings in your replay config at [US Cloud - https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-ingestion](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-ingestion) or [EU Cloud - https://eu.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-ingestion](https://eu.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-ingestion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then set this flag to enable recordings in your [replay ingestion settings]( https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-ingestion).
```

![Choosing a flag to enable recordings](../images/docs/session-replay/select-replay-control-flag.png)

> Recordings will buffer on the client until the decide response has been received and then only continue recording if the flag is enabled. This means that if the flag is disabled, the recording will stop and no recording data will leave the client's device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recordings buffer on the client until the decide response is received. It only continues recording if the flag is enabled. This means that if the flag is disabled, the recording stops and no recording data leaves the client's device.
```

> ### manually in your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manually in your code
```

- new or updated features
- smaller, specific components within a larger component.

## Sampling

You can configure sampling to limit the number of sessions you record for each user. This is useful if you want to record a percentage of sessions for all users. Sampling helps reduce the number of sessions you record, but it doesn’t let you control which sessions are included.

> Our recommendation is to start with no sampling (e.g. 100% - the default) or a low sampling rate (e.g. 90% or 95%) and increase it as needed. This helps you get a sense of how many sessions you’re recording and how much data you’re collecting.

Reviewer 2: > low sampling rate (e.g. 90% or 95%)

should it be:

> high sampling rate and decrease it as needed

instead?

Reviewer 2: High sampling rates capture more data points, and low sampling rate captures less data points.
In this sentence, 90-95% would be sampling 90-95% of all sessions, so its more data points, hence a high sampling rate

Author: Ah, yeah, that's totally right 🙈

- new or updated features
- smaller, specific components within a larger component.

> # Sampling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sampling
```

You can configure sampling to limit the number of sessions you record for each user. This is useful if you want to record a percentage of sessions for all users. Sampling helps reduce the number of sessions you record, but it doesn’t let you control which sessions are included.

Our recommendation is to start with no sampling (e.g. 100% - the default) or a low sampling rate (e.g. 90% or 95%) and increase it as needed. This helps you get a sense of how many sessions you’re recording and how much data you’re collecting.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![sampling config shown set to 100% i.e. no sampling](../images/tutorials/limit-session-recordings/sampling-config.png)

> Whenever a new session starts after you have selected a collection below 100% the browser will generate a random number between 0 and 1. If the number is less than the sampling rate (e.g. 0.9 when set to 90%), the session will be recorded. If it is greater than the sampling rate, the session will not be recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a new session starts after you select a collection below 100%, the browser generates a random number between 0 and 1. If the number is less than the sampling rate (e.g. 0.9 when set to 90%), the session is recorded. If it is greater than the sampling rate, the session is not recorded.
```

> # Minimum duration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Minimum duration
```

You can also set a minimum duration for sessions to be recorded. This is useful if you want to exclude sessions that are too short to be useful. For example, you might want to exclude sessions that are less than 2 seconds long to avoid recording sessions where users quickly bounce off your site.

![minimum duration config shown set to 2 seconds](../images/tutorials/limit-session-recordings/min-duration.png)

> The minimum duration is set in seconds. Whenever a new session starts, the browser records the start time. When deciding whether to send recording data to the backend if the minimum duration has passed since the start time, the session data will be sent. If it hasn't, the session will continue to be buffered in-memory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum duration is set in seconds. Whenever a new session starts, the browser records the start time. If the minimum duration has passed since the start time, the session data is sent. If it hasn't, the session continues to be buffered in-memory. 
```

### Limitations

> This means that if you set a high minimum duration and your user visits multiple pages each for a short time you will still record the session but will miss the beginning. If the user leaves the site before the minimum duration has passed, the session will not be recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that if you set a high minimum duration and your user visits multiple pages each for a short time, you still record the session but miss the beginning. If the user leaves the site before the minimum duration has passed, the session is not recorded.
```
